Add trading framework concepts page (#113)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/concepts/trading-framework/market-protections.md

:::

## Price monitoring
The dynamics of market price movements mean that prices don't always represent the participants' true average view of the price, but are instead artefacts of the market microstructure. 

Sometimes low liquidity and/or a large quantity of order volume can cause the price to diverge from the true market price. The Vega protocol is designed to assume that relatively small moves are 'real' and that larger moves might not be. 

Price monitoring exists to determine the real price, in the case that price moves are extreme and unrealistic. If the move is deemed to be large, the market's trading mode is temporarily changed into auction mode to get more information from market participants before any trades are generated.

Distinguishing between small and large moves can be highly subjective and market-dependent. The protocol relies on risk models to formalise this process.

> A market's risk model can be used to obtain the price projection at a future point in time, given the current price. A price monitoring auction trigger can be constructed using a projected fixed time horizon and probability level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A market's risk model can be used to obtain the price distribution at a future point in time, given the current price and the model parameter. A price monitoring auction trigger can be constructed using a projected fixed time horizon and probability level.
```

In order to ensure there is enough liquidity to keep a market active and protect against insolvent parties, the network must be able to detect when the market's liquidity is too low. 

When a market's liquidity drops below the safe level, the market enters into a liquidity monitoring auction, and terminates the auction when the market liquidity level is back at a sufficiently high level. The liquidity mechanics of the Vega protocol mean there is an incentive (through fee-setting) to provide the necessary liquidity.

If a market enters into a liquidity auction and never again attracts enough liquidity to exit it, the market will stay in a liquidity auction until the market's settlement. Once the market's settlement price is emitted by the data source, then all market participants are settled based on their positions and account balances.

There are two scenarios that can trigger liquidity monitoring mechanisms: 

**If a market has too little liquidity**: Vega continuously calculates whether each market has a sufficient amount committed. When markets are deemed insufficiently liquid, they are placed into auction.

> 

Reviewer: The way that LPs commit liquidity means that as long as there are static bid and ask orders on the book the system deploys enough volume (at the specified offsets that are within price monitoring bounds and have at least the minimum probability of trading set by a network parameter). 

As a consequence a market may be deemed illiquid in two cases: 1) the total supplied stake by all LPs is below the target stake (which is a multiple of the maximum open interest over a period of time set by a network parameter). 2) the best static bid or best static ask are missing from the book, so that LP volume implied by their commitment cannot be deployed.

Reviewer 2: As I work to incorporate this, I now think that the content about an LP not being able to cover their commitment doesn't actually fit here, and I think that also means the section on "Liquidity obligation calculations" doesn't either. What do you think @davidsiska-vega?
